Even if you don't have any special powers, you still have a vote. Use it wisely.
Millers believe they are Townies, but inspections on them come up mafia.
Some Townies are reflective. Night actions targeting a Reflective Townie will affect the player who used them instead.
Townie is the most common role. Don't be surprised if there are multiple Townies in a game.
Not all Cops are sane. Nonsane cops get incorrect results.
Some roles can tamper with the result of a Cop inspection. Don't always believe inspection results!
If a player changes teams the same night a Cop inspects them, the Cop will only learn the new team.
If there are two or more Cops in the game, one of them is probably not sane.
When you're a Vigilante, be careful - if the number of town players is close to the number of mafia players, killing a town player might lose the game.
If you have an action but don't want to use it, submit a 'none' action.
Serial Killers often claim to be Vigilantes.
As long as the town has a Vigilante alive, scum won't win.
Mafia Godfathers are immune to night kills.
Quack Doctors are told they are Doctors, but their protections don't work.
If there are two or more Doctors in a game, one of them is probably a quack.
Some roles have day variants, which use their actions during the day instead of at night.
A lynch always ends the day, even if you have an unused day ability.
Retired Cops aren't necessarily sane.
A Retired Cop will become a Cop even when an insane, naive, or paranoid Cop dies.
Mafia Godfathers show up as Townies to Role Cops, and Millers show up as Mafiosos.
Role Cops are frequently mafia.
A Role Cop only learns what the target thinks their role is, not their true role.
X-Abilities can be used either during day or night. To save them for the day, submit a 'none' action at night.
Amnesiacs have a 1 in 3 chance of getting a new role each morning.
Some Amnesiacs can become a Mafioso or Serial Killer.
Some players are Skulking. If a Skulking player is targeted by any night action, even a Doctor protection, they die.
A Death Miller shows up as a Mafioso (mafia) on death.
If a Tracker's target used an action that affected multiple people, the Tracker learns everyone affeccted.
A Night Watchman or Tracker can even see involuntary actions, such as a Psychopath's.
Watchers, Trackers, and Night Watchmen can't see Ghosts.
Cops, Vigilantes, and mafia all usually carry guns. Suicide Bombers and Timebombers carry bombs. Mad Monks and Mafia Muggers carry knives.
Many Forensics Experts are unreliable. If an unreliable Forensics Expert's autopsy fails, there is no message.
Certain roles can destroy a dead player's body, making it impossible to resurrect or autopsy them.
If you are a Census Taker, you should use your ability as soon as possible.
The Mafia Turncoat is very dangerous to mafia members who claim their true roles.
Your messages might not be secret - an Eavesdropper could be listening.
Many roles revive the first time they are killed, including the Reviver, Angel, and Zombie. Which role they had isn't revealed until they truly die.
Fallen Angels are told they are Angels, but their protections don't work. Their revive, however, does.
If you are a Coward, save your hide ability until you really need it.
Mystery Roles always have a night action, but they don't know what it does.
Roles such as Personal Physician and Doctor Frankenstein have a specific player who they always affect with their night action.
A Nurse will become a Doctor even when a Quack Doctor dies.
Nurses can become Quack Doctors, too.
If there is more than one Doctor or Cop, a Nurse or Retired Cop will transform when the first one dies.
Games which have a Poison Doctor in them almost always have a Poisoner.
Some roles such as Angel or Elite Bodyguard are extremely powerful. If one of them dies, the town's chances of winning go down dramatically.
Some Vigilantes are unreliable - some or all of their kill attempts simply fail.
Daykillers can be scum.
The Unlynchable and Paladin can't be lynched - the only way to get rid of one is with a kill action.
Once a Doublekiller fires, the two shots are independent. Even if one doesn't work, the other target still dies.
Remember that a Mad Monk can't be roleblocked or redirected, but also can't be protected by a Doctor.
Cop inspections on an Ascetic or Mad Monk give no result.
Jackie Chan isn't really immune to all actions - a Mafia Hitman or Chainsaw Murderer might be able to take him out.
The CPR doctor is more likely to kill than to cure.
You can't roleblock a Roleblocker or redirect a Redirecter, but you can redirect a Roleblocker and roleblock a Redirecter.
A Redirecter can redirect an action to the player who used it.
A player roleblocked by the Roleblocker or abducted by the Alien will recieve a message saying they were roleblocked if they try to use an action.
Most actions can't be used to target yourself.
If a Bus Driver switches a Cop's inspection target, the Cop won't realize that his information is for the wrong target.
A Cop who is targeted by a Redirecter or Randomizer will learn who was actually inspected.
A Computer Hacker has an equal chance of blocking, copying, or redirecting the target's action.
Actions targeting a Mirror have their normal effect on the Mirror.
If you get Stalker, don't announce the results of your inspections - instead, quietly slay the guilty at night.
Stalkers can't be insane or naive, but they can be paranoid.
If you're the Combat Member, remember that protecting someone is more likely to help the town than killing someone.
Kill players you're sure are scum. Protect players you're sure aren't scum.
A Shellshocked Combat Medic's actions always fail, both protects and kills.
Jacks of All Trades are always sane.
Some Jacks of All Trades are confused. When they target someone with an ability, they always use the wrong one.
The Changeling is as good as a Role Cop - just look at what role you got back after swapping with someone.
Morphers show up as the role and team of the last player they morphed to all inspections, and even on death.
A Mutant is equally likely to become any role, even very uncommon ones.
When a Mutant mutates into a Cop, the odds are against them being sane.
Unstable Mutants might change teams when they mutate.
People brought back from the dead by a Shaman will usually be town... but only usually.
If the High Priest fails to bring someone back from the dead on the first try, they can try again until it works.
A player can only ever come back from the dead once, no matter how many Shamans or High Priests are in the game.
Most roles that bring a player back from the dead return that player with the same role and team they had when they died.
Granting someone an extra vote with the Motivator won't change the number of votes required to lynch.
The presence of a Psychiatrist almost always means there is also a Serial Killer.
The presence of a Missionary almost always means there is a Cult Leader around.
A Deprogrammer is a much more powerful version of the Missionary.
An Ability Thief can often guess the target's role by seeing what ability was stolen.
An Ability Thief has to choose between stealing a new ability or using a previous ability each night.
The Inventor might give a use of the inspect, protect, block, or kill abilities.
A Mad Scientist doesn't change the target's team, but it might give a role which is usually only available to another team.
An Exorcist resets a player to the role and team they had when they began the game - and also restores full uses of any limited-use abilities.

